[DOCS-123] Set up defintions for Cobalt org and pentest users (#119)
cobalthq/cobalt-product-public-docs: content/en/Getting started/glossary.md

One of the test criteria used by our pentesters is [CIS Controls v8](https://www.cisecurity.org/controls/v8),
released in 2021.

## Cobalt Users

When using the Cobalt UI, you may encounter a variety of different users, in the following
categories:

- Organization Roles: If you're a Cobalt customer, your account may have one or more of the following roles:
  - Organization Owner: Also known as an _Org Owner_
  - Organization Member: Also known as an _Org Member_

>   - Pentest Team Member: Also known as a _PT Team Member_

Reviewer: Org roles are defined per org. Theoretically a user can have different roles in different orgs.
PT roles are defined per pentest.

>   - Pentest Team Member: Also known as a _PT Team Member_

Author: Quite right, @sergey-kruk-cobalt . I'm not (yet) sure what I'll add to the definitions here, but this helps me understand the UI Text that I need to propose for DOCS-109/CX-2645.

> - Pentester Roles: If you're a Cobalt pentester, you may be a _PT Pentester_ or a _PT Lead_.

Author: I might change my mind on some details, but at least this incorporates your point.

```suggestion
- Pentester Roles: If you're a Cobalt pentester involved in a specific pentest, you may be a _Pentester_ or a Lead_.
  However, most Cobalt pentesters have no role in a specific pentest.
```

Select Cobalt employees may be assigned as administrators, as _Cobalt Staff_.

You can review a list of permissions associated with each organization role in the following
article: [What do the user roles mean?](https://cobaltio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360057093472-What-do-the-user-roles-mean-).

<!-- Per https://zombie.atlassian.net/browse/DOCS-5 I should add info from an internal
spreadsheet, but need to find pull code in Hugo -->

### Organization Member

An _Org Member_ is a user of the Cobalt App who can create an [asset](#asset) or a
[pentest](#pentest). That user can also see the pentesters who are working on their asset.
If allowed by their {{% ptaas-tier %}}, they can also manage integration with Jira and GitHub.

### Organization Owner

An _Org Owner_ is the administrator for a customer organization within the Cobalt app. As such,
they can:

- Add/remove the users of their choice, by their email addresses, as an _Org Member_ or a

>   _PT Team Member_.

Reviewer: This one is incorrect. Org roles and PT roles are in most cases disconnected. So to add a PT Team Member a Customer needs to be a PT Team Member in the PT they are adding a collaborator to.

Only Staff org members can add PT Team Member to any PT of the Org

Author: Oh.... I need to move the "Pentest Team Member" part of this description under `### Pentest Team Member`

> - Add/remove the users of their choice, by their email addresses, as an _Org Member_ or a
>   _PT Team Member_.

Author: ```suggestion
- Add/remove the users of their choice, by their email addresses, as an _Organization Member_ or a
  _Organization Owner_.
```

I realize we refer to "Org Owner" and "Org Member", but it's not clear to everyone, "What's an Org?"

- View collaborators, the members of their pentest team. That team includes 
  - _PT Team Members_
  - _PT Lead_
  - _PT Pentester_ (when applicable)
- If allowed by their {{% ptaas-tier %}}, they can also manage
[SAML](#security-assertion-markup-language) settings for the users in their organization.

### Pentest Team Member

A _PT Team Member_ is a customer representative during a pentest. That user can review and

> respond to each [finding](#finding) identified by a Cobalt pentester.

Reviewer: There is a whole finding state workflow which I don't know if it is in the scope of this documentation. There was even a hackathon project reflecting on it [HACK-62](https://zombie.atlassian.net/browse/HACK-62)

Author: I'll review HACK-62 before I figure out what to do here.

One of the test criteria used by our pentesters is [CIS Controls v8](https://www.cisecurity.org/controls/v8),
released in 2021.

## Cobalt Users

When using the Cobalt UI, you may encounter a variety of different users, in the following
roles:

- Organization Roles: If you're a Cobalt customer, your account may have one or more of the following roles:
  - Organization Owner
  - Organization Member
  - Pentest Team Member

> - Pentester Roles: Cobalt pentesters who are assigned to your pentest have one of two roles:

Author: I no longer use "PT" with any of the roles.

  - Lead
  - Pentester

  Some Cobalt pentesters may be a _Lead_ in one test, a _Pentester_ in a second test, and
  possibly no role and no involvement in your other pentests.

Select Cobalt employees may be assigned as administrators, as _Cobalt Staff_.

You can review a list of permissions associated with each organization role in the following
article: [What do the user roles mean?](https://cobaltio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360057093472-What-do-the-user-roles-mean-).

<!-- Per https://zombie.atlassian.net/browse/DOCS-5 I should add info from an internal
spreadsheet, but need to find pull code in Hugo -->

> ### Organization Owner

Author: As requested, I've started with the Organization Owner role.

An _Organization Owner_ is the administrator for a customer organization within the Cobalt app. As such, they can:

- Add/remove the users of their choice, by their email addresses, as an _Organization Member_
  or _Organization Owner_.
- View collaborators, the members of their pentest team. That team includes:
  - _Pentest Team Member_, typically an organization employee.
  - _Pentest Lead_, the Cobalt pentester responsible for the pentest.
  - _Pentester_, one or more additional Cobalt pentesters whose helping with the pentest.
  Smaller pentests may only have a _Pentest Lead_.

- An _Organization Owner_ may also be a [_Pentest Team Member_](#pentest-team-member).

> - If allowed by their {{% ptaas-tier %}}, they can also manage

Author: I'm updating the PtaaS Tier link in a different Pull Request, https://github.com/cobalthq/cobalt-product-public-docs/pull/120/files

[multi-factor authentication (MFA)](#multi-factor-authentication) as well as

> [SAML](#security-assertion-markup-language) settings for the users in their organization.

Author: I now include MFA and SAML as options for the Organization Owner (based on PtaaS Tier).

@molfinn I think it's important to specify MFA and not 2FA in our docs. With the IAM providers that we support, it's already possible for a customer to set up 3FA (or even 4FA or 5FA) with their systems. MFA covers all such cases.

An _Organization Owner_ also has top-level (sudo) administrative privileges for their
organizations in the Cobalt app.

> ### Organization Member

Author: As requested, I no longer refer to assets in the description for an Organization Member.

Author: Actually, changed my mind, based on [@molfinn 's feedback](https://github.com/cobalthq/cobalt-product-public-docs/pull/119#issuecomment-1113388461), specifically:

"An Organization Member is a user of the Cobalt App who can create a [pentest](https://deploy-preview-119--cobalt-docs.netlify.app/getting-started/glossary/#pentest). That user can also see the pentesters who are working on their asset. If allowed by their [PtaaS Tier](https://cobaltio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/4408839706132-Cobalt-PtaaS-Tiers), they can also manage integration with Jira and GitHub.
• an org member can also create an asset
• is it clear to say that a user can see the pentesters who are working on their asset? pentesters are getting assigned to a pentest. Don't want this to sound like a user can click on assets and see who is assigned to specific assets. Might be overthinking it though." 

Molly, I _think_ the issue is that I didn't really define "Pentest". I've now added lines 247-250, which defines the relationship between a pentest and an asset, as well as the roles played by a "pentester" and a "pentest lead". 

You can preview the appearance and links of my updates in:

- https://deploy-preview-119--cobalt-docs.netlify.app/getting-started/glossary/#organization-member
- https://deploy-preview-119--cobalt-docs.netlify.app/getting-started/glossary/#pentest

An _Organization Member_ is a user of the Cobalt App who can create a
[pentest](#pentest). That user can also see the pentesters who are working on their asset.
If allowed by their {{% ptaas-tier %}}, they can also manage integration with Jira and GitHub.

- An _Organization Member_ may also be a [_Pentest Team Member_](#pentest-team-member).

### Pentest Team Member

A _Pentest Team Member_ is a customer (organization) representative during a specific pentest.
That user can review and respond to each [finding](#finding) identified by a Cobalt _Pentester_ or _Pentest Lead_.

> That _Pentest Team Member_ can also add one ore more users as a _Pentest Team Member_. 

Author: ```suggestion
That _Pentest Team Member_ can also add one or more users as a _Pentest Team Member_. 
```
